Limit data store (#2725)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/mmds/mmds-design.md

store supports at the moment storing and retrieving JSON values. Data store
contents can be retrieved using the Firecracker API server from host and using
the embedded MMDS HTTP/TCP/IPv4 network stack from guest.

> MMDS data store is upper bounded, its default maximum size is 51200 bytes but
> can be updated using `--http_api_max_payload_size`. It can not be updated using
> PATCH requests with Content-Length bigger than the imposed limit. PUT requests
> body have to respect the same limit.

Reviewer: I feel the current using of `it` pronoun is a bit confusing here. Maybe try something like this:

```suggestion
MMDS data store is upper bounded by a default maximum size of 51200 bytes. This
limit can be modified using `--http_api_max_payload_size` command line parameter.
All PUT and PATCH requests with Content-Length bigger than the imposed limit will
receive HTTP 413 Payload Too Large response status code.
```
